README.md, before:

# reddit-link-bot

A Discord bot that automatically replies to Reddit links with inline media (videos and images).

## Purpose

A while back, Reddit redid their platform's OpenGraph link previews/embeds. Previously, you would get single image previews (static images and GIFs, not videos) when sharing links to posts. Now, Reddit now only serves generated image with watermarks (een for GIFs).

This bot solves this issue by responding to messages with the embeded media from Reddit, so you don't have to visit Reddit to vew it/them.

## Features

- Static images & GIFs
- Videos w/ or w/o sound
- Galleries (posts with multiple images)
- Marks spoiler or NSFW content as a spoiler

## Usage

```bash
go run ./cmd/main.go
```

This will generate a `config.yml` file in the current directory. Insert your Discord bot token and restart the bot.

### Configuration

You can tweak the settings to only allow the bot to respond in certain channels or to certain roles. You can also disable NSFW content.

```yml
discord_token: ""
channels: []
roles: []
no_nsfw: false
```

## Requirements

- Must have FFMPEG installed and exported/added to PATH. Does not require FFMPEG build with HTTPS support.

Commit message:

Refactored to work with Reddit API

README.md, after:

# reddit-link-bot

A Discord bot that automatically replies to Reddit links with inline media (videos and images).

## Purpose

A while back, Reddit redid their platform's OpenGraph link previews/embeds. Previously, you would get single image previews (static images and GIFs, not videos) when sharing links to posts. Now, Reddit now only serves generated image with watermarks (een for GIFs).

This bot solves this issue by responding to messages with the embeded media from Reddit, so you don't have to visit Reddit to vew it/them.

## Features

- Static images & GIFs
- Videos w/ or w/o sound
- Galleries (posts with multiple images)
- Marks spoiler or NSFW content as a spoiler

## Usage

```bash
go run ./cmd/main.go
```

This will generate a `config.yml` file in the current directory. Insert your Discord bot token and restart the bot.

### Configuration

You can tweak the settings to only allow the bot to respond in certain channels or to certain roles. You can also disable NSFW content.

```yml
discord:
  token: ""
  channels: []
  roles: []
  no_nsfw: false
reddit:
  client_id: ""
  client_secret: ""
  username: ""
  password: ""
```

If you don't want to use the Reddit API, you can disable it by setting:
```yml
reddit: null
```

## Requirements

- Must have FFMPEG installed and exported/added to PATH. Does not require FFMPEG build with HTTPS support.
